
    1. A link to your git repository. (access must also be provided)
    2. Description of the changes 
    3. Thoughts on the existing code
    4. Please submit a 2-3 minute video demonstrating your unit tests AND the total application working


1. https://github.com/Snake-EyE-12/ChessGame
2. I added the functionality of a game mode selection menu. In order to do this I had to make the main window not initialize the board, but instead create my menu.
    Then, my menu followed the patterns of the other menus in the game to return all calls to the main window. The main window would then receive the selected mode
    and initialize the board based on what it received. I liked how this turned out because it still builds the board UI, but waits for the selection to place the pieces.
   For this selection, I had to create an enumeration which held the different game modes. I also created a factory to turn the game mode selection into a class. The
    possible classes were a standard game mode and a chess 960 game mode. Both of these classes derive from a board setup class following the strategy pattern for
    specific board-piece placement. This means that I had to move the original board setup code out of the board initialization method and into the standard game
    mode setup. Finally, chess 960 board setup newly contains a different board setup method following the rules of Chess960.
   Also added tests to make sure logic functionality of game mode selection and Chess960 board setup followed proper rules.
3. I really enjoyed working with this project as I thought the existing code was built for extensibility and reusability. The initial board setup was all in one area
    and was easy to move and modify. This is how I was able to move it out and into a different class in the first place. I found that it was also very easy to get pieces
    for board placement as the board contained everything for construction, and the pieces could just be placed into the board with their constructor. Overall, the 
    programming part of the project flowed very well with the existing code. However, my thoughts differ when looking at the UI section. I feel that the main window
    handles too much of game initialization, window control, and player input. Building out my game mode selection window would have been a lot easier if the game did not
    have to immediately start off inside the game. I did love how popup windows were bound to the main window. The observer pattern used here made it especially easy to
    handle user input, which is one thing I was worried about after realizing I would have to create a selection menu interface.